doc: update spec for feature sign/verify local images (#601)
notaryproject/notation: specs/commandline/verify.md

Flags:
  -d,  --debug                       debug mode
  -h,  --help                        help for verify

>        --oci-layout                  [Preview] whether artifact is OCI image layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       --oci-layout                 [Preview] use OCI image layout for storage
```

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: --oci-layout   [Preview] Verify the artifact stored in the OCI image layout

>        --oci-layout                  [Preview] verify the artifact stored in OCI image layout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       --oci-layout                 verify artifact stored in OCI image layout
```

Reviewer 2: The [Preview] label should be reserved in RC.4.

  -p,  --password string             password for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_PASSWORD if not specified)
       --plain-http                  registry access via plain HTTP
       --plugin-config stringArray   {key}={value} pairs that are passed as it is to a plugin, if the verification is associated with a verification plugin, refer plugin documentation to set appropriate values

>        --scope string                [Preview] set trust policy scope for artifact verification, only use it with flag "--oci-layout"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       --scope string                [Preview] set trust policy scope for verification, required to be used with flag "--oci-layout"
```

>        --scope string                [Experimental] set trust policy scope for artifact verification, required to be used with flag "--oci-layout"

Reviewer 3: Don't know how to phrase it better but we should mention that `scope` can only be used when `--oci-layout` is specified.

  -p,  --password string             password for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_PASSWORD if not specified)
       --plain-http                  registry access via plain HTTP
       --plugin-config stringArray   {key}={value} pairs that are passed as it is to a plugin, if the verification is associated with a verification plugin, refer plugin documentation to set appropriate values

>        --scope string                [Preview] trust policy scope for local artifact verification.

Reviewer: missing the `--local-artifact` flag here?

Warning:  Always verify the artifact using digest(@sha256:...) rather than a tag(:v1) because resolved digest may not point to the same signed artifact, as tags are mutable.
Successfully verified signature for localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9
```

### [Preview] Verify local OCI image

> Users should configure trust policy properly before verifying local OCI image. According to trust policy specification, `registryScopes` property determines which trust policy is applicable for the given artifact. The value of `registryScopes` should be a fully qualified URL for both local and remote images. For example, a remote image is referenced by "localhost:5000/net-monitor:v1", thus the value of `registryScopes` should contain "localhost:5000/net-monitor", which is the repository URL of the image. Local OCI image is in the form of OCI layout directory, the reference is different from a remote image, for example "./hello-world:v1". Besides flag `--local-artifact`, users need to specify which `registryScopes` is used to verify the local image using flag `--scope`. Here is an example of trust policy configured for local image `./hello-world:v1`:

Reviewer 4: `--scope` specifies the reference `<registry>/<repository>` that the artifact is intended to live. It can be viewed that `--scope` overrides the intended scope for any artifact. 

If the artifact is in a remote registry, the scope can be extracted from the reference, and can be override by `--scope`.
For example,
```
notation verify --scope foo.io/net-monitor bar.io/net-monitor@sha256:xxxx
```
The above command tries to verify `bar.io/net-monitor@sha256:xxxx` as if it is in `foo.io/net-monitor`. It is useful for mirrors.

Following the same logic,
```
notation verify --scope foo.io/net-monitor --oci-layout net-monitor.tar@sha256:xxxx
```
The above command tries to verify `sha256:xxxx` in `net-monitor.tar` as if it is in `foo.io/net-monitor`. Since we cannot extract scope from `net-monitor.tar`, the flag `--scope` becomes a required flag.

Reviewer 5: I and Samir had a discussion and agree with what Shiwei has proposed.

```jsonc
{
    "name": "local-images",

>     "registryScopes": [ "local/hello-world" ],

Reviewer 2: A user may have multiple OCI image layout folders in their local environment. He may want to have fine-grained permission control on those registries.

    "signatureVerification": {
        "level" : "strict"
    },
    "trustStores": [ "ca:hello-world" ],
    "trustedIdentities": ["*"]
}
```

> To verify image `./hello-world:v1`, user should use flag `--oci-layout` and `--scope` together, for example:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To verify image `hello-world:v1`, user should use flag `--oci-layout` and `--scope` together, for example:
```

```shell

> NOTATION_EXPERIMENTAL=1 notation verify --oci-layout --scope "localhost:5000/hello-world" hello-world:v1

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't `localhost:5000/hello-world" hello-world:v1` be disk path?

Author: @priteshbandi Currently the trust policy spec doesn't specify what will be the registryScope for a local content on filesystem, so the scope value here is an example, that it could be a URL that the local content will be stored in the registry later phase, if it is configured in trust policy. The disk absolute path could be very long, and relative path could be duplicated with others. Welcome any suggestions. Since it is experimental, we could iterate it gradually.
